Update permission references and add a note about additional required permissions (#10026)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/database/authentication-azure-ad-user-assigned-managed-identity.md

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Only a [Privileged Role Administrator](/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/permissions-reference#privileged-role-administrator) or higher role can grant these permissions.

- [User.Read.All](/graph/permissions-reference#userreadall): Allows access to Microsoft Entra user information.

> - [GroupMember.Read.All](/graph/permissions-reference#groupmemberreadall): Allows access to Microsoft Entra group information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Group.Read.All](/graph/permissions-reference#groupreadall): Allows access to contents of Microsoft Entra group.
```

Author: @PratimDasgupta thanks for the review. Are you sure about the replacement? At least I didn't test without `GroupMember.Read.All` permission. In case the replacement is intended, I will also adjust the PoeerShell script in this file

Reviewer: I am still working on this, but the idea is to use Group.read.all until GroupMember.Read.All or any other least privilaged api that can support all scenarios. Note: GroupMember.Read.All is a least privilaged api, & thus is a subset of Group.read.all .

Author: @PratimDasgupta thx for the fast reply. Ah ok, I see. Will `GroupMember.Read.All` ever support the scenario outlined in the sentence I added in my PR? Because at least from the name itself it doesn't make sense to allow reading groups by `GroupMember.Read.All`

Author: @PratimDasgupta you can find more context on my use case [here](https://blog.rufer.be/2025/02/27/howto-fix-server-identity-does-not-have-azure-active-directory-readers-permission-error-when-using-terraform-local-exec-provisioner-to-create-sql-database-users-from-external-provider-in-a-az-de/)

Reviewer: It's difficult to say that. Overall, I was trying to consolidate the api(s).

Author: @PratimDasgupta I would say least privilege depends on the use case. In the use case I described in the blog post linked in my last comment, assigning `Group.Read.All` only would be the least privilege way.

Reviewer: @rufer7 , just read the blog. Thanks for that, it seems you are using a SMI(Sytem managed identity) & not a UMI(User  Managed Identity). Did you try using a UMI & GroupMember.Read.All?

Author: @PratimDasgupta yes, exactly I'm using SMI. I prefer SMI over UMI but SMI case is not described in the docs. However the graph permission should not vary from SMI to UMI from my point of view. Otherwise it gets weird as both need to look up the Entra group when creating a user from external identity for a Entra group.

But no, I didn't test it with UMI

- [Application.Read.All](/graph/permissions-reference#applicationreadalls): Allows access to Microsoft Entra service principal (application) information.

> To create a contained database user for a Microsoft Entra group, the `Group.Read.All` permission is required additionally to the ones listed above.

Reviewer: Remove this line.

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Only a [Privileged Role Administrator](/entra/identity/role-based-access-control/permissions-reference#privileged-role-administrator) or higher role can grant these permissions.

- [User.Read.All](/graph/permissions-reference#userreadall): Allows access to Microsoft Entra user information.
- [GroupMember.Read.All](/graph/permissions-reference#groupmemberreadall): Allows access to Microsoft Entra group information.
- [Application.Read.All](/graph/permissions-reference#applicationreadalls): Allows access to Microsoft Entra service principal (application) information.

> > [!NOTE]
> > For creation of a contained database userr for a Microsoft Entra group, `Group.Read.All` permission is required additionally to the ones listed above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a contained database user for a Microsoft Entra group, the `Group.Read.All` permission is required additionally to the ones listed above.
```

> > For creation of a contained database userr for a Microsoft Entra group, `Group.Read.All` permission is required additionally to the ones listed above.

Reviewer 3: You have a small typo on line 65 - the word "userr" should be "user"
